Allow Entity List Passed Through (#3886)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/bazaar/.changeset/cuddly-beans-exercise.md

---
'@backstage-community/plugin-bazaar': patch
---

> Catalog Entities can be passed all the way through to the HomePageBazaarInfoCard so custom entities are maintained when opening the Link Entity menu
> OR
> A custom filter can be passed in to bazaar components to override the default filter in fetchCatalogItems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables passing catalog entities through to `HomePageBazaarInfoCard`, ensuring custom entities are maintained when using the Link Entity menu.
Also adds support for providing a custom filter to Bazaar components to override the default filter in `fetchCatalogItems`.
```
